{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Comic Sans MS;}{\f2\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil Comic Sans MS;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs36\lang9 Child safety monitoring system based on IoT\fs28\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1 IoT based Smart Baby Cradle System using Raspberry Pi B+\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Natasha Saude, PA Harsha Vardhini. \par
2020 International Conference on Smart Innovations in Design, Environment, Management, Planning and Computing (ICSIDEMPC), 273-278, 2020\par
\f0 This paper presents IoT based smart system that act as baby cradle monitoring system for engaged or working parent so that they can manage properly, and also for proper care and safety of the infant. Parent can recognize baby's movement, sound like crying and video output of baby's present position and motion will be visible on a screen monitor so the parent or any person can watch the infant even while away from baby. This cradle system is useful for monitoring or detecting movement and crying condition of the child automatically. The Raspberry pi B + module is used to have control on the entire hardware, condenser MIC is implemented for baby cry detection, PIR motion sensor is designed to identify baby's motion and pi camera is capturing the infant condition of motion and the display is used to show video output of sleeping baby. This smart baby monitoring system have n number of parameters such as live video and sound, set down audio and leisure movement of infant, measuring the room temperature and the humidity indicates if the baby is sleepless, and the most important characteristic is the ability to listen to the baby noise with cry detection feature.\par
\par
\f1 Child safety monitoring system based on IoT\par
N Senthamilarasi, N Divya Bharathi, D Ezhilarasi, RB Sangavi\par
Journal of Physics: Conference Series 1362 (1), 012012, 2019\par
\f0 The overall percentage of child abusements filed nowadays in the world is about 80%, out of which 74% are girl children and the rest are boys. For every 40 seconds, a child goes missing in this world. Children are the backbone of one's nation, if the future of children was affected, it would impact the entire growth of that nation. Due to the abusements, the emotional and mental stability of the children gets affected which in turn ruins their career and future. These innocent children are not responsible for what happens to them. So, parents are responsible for taking care of their own children. But, due to economic condition and aims to focus on their child's future and career, parents are forced to crave for money. Hence, it becomes difficult to cling on to their children all the time. In our system, we provide an environment where this problem can be resolved in an efficient manner. It makes parents to easily monitor their children in real time just like staying beside them as well as focusing on their own career without any manual intervention.\par
\par
\f1 IoT Based Shrewd Monitoring Framework for Children Safety\par
KP Revathi, T Manikandan\par
ECS Transactions 107 (1), 13967, 2022\par
\f0 In the system, we have developed a smart watch that can be used to locate missing or lost children and also track the child movements outside from the home as well as for facilitating women safety. Here the user itself can create his own circle in a mobile app with some radius of distance according to their comfort. When the person is out of the location, which means out of the radius, immediately the message has been sent to the emergency contacts which are already selected before by the user in the mobile app. This process can be controlled by the end user. If the user hurts in any case, it will send the alert messages to the pre-elite contacts. GPS (Global Positioning System) is employed to urge the position of a widget in terms of latitude and meridian. Latitude and meridian values are extracted from NMEA sentences. In our system, GPS helps to send the latitude and meridian values to the list of contacts elite by the user, once the user is not within the range of the circle. This can also be used for children as well, but when it comes to children, the complete process will be done by their parents. The app will be under parental control and they create the radius of their children to know his presence or location. This device gives the solution for knowing their location faster and facilitates to take the necessary action immediately.\par
\par
\f1 Smart and secure IOT based child behaviour and health monitoring system using hadoop\par
PK Binu, V Akhil, Vinay Mohan\par
2017 International Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics (ICACCI), 418-423, 2017\par
\f0 IoT is becoming very relevant and getting popular in the field of medical diagnosis nowadays. In this paper, we are bound to limelight in this field which focuses briefly over the child health monitoring. In this work, we implemented a smart and secure health care monitor application that personify the monitoring of total health and mind status of the children. As part of which we are adopting the use of wireless sensors that will keep the child to get monitored. Our system enables the child to get involved with some android games which will make him/her to think and act dynamically. The game scores and the sensor readings obtained from the child will be monitored and analyzed by the system and actions will be taken accordingly. Since the data generated by the system are humongous, we adopt Hadoop in the background to effectively map the data and to reduce it into elementary. As this data need confidentiality in transmission, Apache Ranger is being used for the secure transmission and for the classification of the child behavior, C4.5 decision algorithm is used in the system. While testing with the medical dataset, C4.5 proved to be more accurate than ID3 algorithm.\par
\par
\f1 Wearable Device for Child Safety using Arduino Uno and Tracking System\par
J Angurajsiva, V Elakkiya, A Kowsalya, S Ramya, S Divya\par
International Research Journal of Innovations in Engineering and Technology 4 (5), 105, 2020\par
\f0 This task depends on GSM based innovation to give wellbeing to kid, which would be controlled from anyplace else. The target of this task is to give a security to kid utilizing remote innovation. The fundamental target of this venture is screen the youngster utilizing RF remote correspondence. We can likewise observing a wellbeing level of kid utilizing Heart beat sensor. Area of youngster is found by GPS if there should be an occurrence of crisis. If there should be an occurrence of crisis the SMS sent by means of GSM to kid guardians and family members portable, GPS gives just the longitude and scope esteems yet by utilizing GSM modem to versatile we can without much of a stretch get the area name from where the message has been sent.  The controller accepts the sensors as its info for example at the point when some risk has happened one have to changes in sensor esteem and the controller makes the GSM modem to warning to the pre-put away in the server.  eight now concerned individual will know the area and they will have the option to spare the competitor.  With a wide spread scope of sequential interchanges, they are additionally very appropriate for correspondence doors, convention converters and installed delicate modems.  Expansion to this reason framework sensors is additionally their whatever point the youngster cross certain separation over his folks region and somebody hijacked a kid around then we get the area to safe them.\par
\par
\f1 Development of a selection and monitoring protocol for safe sedation of children\par
N Morton, G OOMEN\par
Pediatric Anesthesia 8 (1), 65-68, 1998\par
\f0 A protocol was developed for children undergoing diagnostic and therapeutic procedures under sedation to try to raise the standards of patient selection, preparation, monitoring and management to those of children undergoing general anaesthesia. The principles underlying the protocol design were that informed consent should be obtained; fasting guidelines as for general anaesthesia should be implemented; contraindications to sedation should be actively sought; monitoring should be commenced from the time of administration of sedation until recovery and should be maintained during patient transport; personnel trained in monitoring and resuscitation of children should have as their sole duty the monitoring of the sedated child and should not take part in the procedure; the minimum monitoring standard should comprise regular assessments of the level of sedation, oxygen saturation by pulse oximetry, respiratory rate and pulse rate supplemented by temperature, ECG and blood pressure for infants, for prolonged procedures or where verbal contact with the child is lost.\par
\f1\par
Multi-sensor Wearable for Child Safety\par
Ushashi Chowdhury, Pranjal Chowdhury, Sourav Paul, Anwesha Sen, Partho Protim Sarkar, Shubhankur Basak, Abari Bhattacharya\par
2019 IEEE 10th Annual Ubiquitous Computing, Electronics & Mobile Communication Conference (UEMCON), 0968-0972, 2019\par
\f0 Now-a-days we can see that human life is becoming very fast. Moreover, the city life is getting very busy day- by-day. So in the daily busy schedule it is becoming very difficult for the parents to monitor their children closely. This paper discusses about a smart wearable device like a wristband which tracks the child from time to time to ensure their safety. If any problem occurs it would alert parents through the cell phone so that they can take immediate action. This paper focus on the SMS text enabled communication. Parents can send SMS with some keywords and the device reply back. The device can detect the child's approximate location, it can detect the body temperature and the surrounding temperature, humidity and also the heartbeat of a child. For the emergency situation, the device would have some measures like an alarm buzzer, SOS light which will notify the bystanders to help the child. So this paper is all about the safety and security of a child to help them to recover from any type of difficulty.\par
\par
\f1 Identifying children with special health care needs: development and evaluation of a short screening instrument\par
Christina D Bethell, Debra Read, Ruth EK Stein, Stephen J Blumberg, Nora Wells, Paul W Newacheck\par
Ambulatory Pediatrics 2 (1), 38-48, 2002\par
\f0 Background\f2\emdash\f0 Public agencies, health care plans, providers, and consumer organizations share the need to monitor the health care needs and quality of care for children with special health care needs (CSHCN). Doing so requires a definition of CSHCN and a precise methodology for operationalizing that definition.  Research Objectives\f2\emdash\f0 The purpose of this study was to develop an efficient and flexible consequence-based screening instrument that identifies CSHCN across populations with rates commensurate with other studies of CSHCN.\par
\par
\f1 IoT-based applications in healthcare devices\par
Bikash Pradhan, Saugat Bhattacharyya, Kunal Pal\par
Journal of healthcare engineering 2021, 2021\par
\f0 The last decade has witnessed extensive research in the field of healthcare services and their technological upgradation. To be more specific, the Internet of Things (IoT) has shown potential application in connecting various medical devices, sensors, and healthcare professionals to provide quality medical services in a remote location. This has improved patient safety, reduced healthcare costs, enhanced the accessibility of healthcare services, and increased operational efficiency in the healthcare industry. The current study gives an up-to-date summary of the potential healthcare applications of IoT- (HIoT-) based technologies. Herein, the advancement of the application of the HIoT has been reported from the perspective of enabling technologies, healthcare services, and applications in solving various healthcare issues. Moreover, potential challenges and issues in the HIoT system are also discussed. In sum, the current study provides a comprehensive source of information regarding the different fields of application of HIoT intending to help future researchers, who have the interest to work and make advancements in the field to gain insight into the topic.\par
\par
\f1 IoT-BBMS: Internet of Things-based baby monitoring system for smart cradle\par
Waheb A Jabbar, Hiew Kuet Shang, Saidatul NIS Hamid, Akram A Almohammedi, Roshahliza M Ramli, Mohammed AH Ali\par
IEEE Access 7, 93791-93805, 2019\par
\f0 The current number of working mothers has greatly increased. Subsequently, baby care has become a daily challenge for many families. Thus, most parents send their babies to their grandparents' house or to baby care houses. However, the parents cannot continuously monitor their babies' conditions either in normal or abnormal situations. Therefore, an Internet of Things-based Baby Monitoring System (IoT-BBMS) is proposed as an efficient and low-cost IoT-based system for monitoring in real time. We also proposed a new algorithm for our system that plays a key role in providing better baby care while parents are away. In the designed system, Node Micro-Controller Unit (NodeMCU) Controller Board is exploited to gather the data read by the sensors and uploaded via Wi-Fi to the AdaFruit MQTT server. The proposed system exploits sensors to monitor the baby's vital parameters, such as ambient temperature, moisture, and crying. A prototype of the proposed baby cradle has been designed using Nx Siemens software, and a red meranti wood is used as the material for the cradle. The system architecture consists of a baby cradle that will automatically swing using a motor when the baby cries. Parents can also monitor their babies' condition through an external web camera and switch on the lullaby toy located on the baby cradle remotely via the MQTT server to entertain the baby. The proposed system prototype is fabricated and tested to prove its effectiveness in terms of cost and simplicity and to ensure safe operation to enable the baby-parenting anywhere and anytime through the network. Finally, the baby monitoring system is proven to work effectively in monitoring the baby's situation and surrounding conditions according to the prototype.\par
\par
\f1 Crowdsourced children monitoring and finding with holding up detection based on internet-of-things technologies\par
Lien-Wu Chen, Tsung-Ping Chen, Hsien-Min Chen, Ming-Fong Tsai\par
IEEE Sensors Journal 19 (24), 12407-12417, 2019\par
\f0 In this paper, we propose a crowdsourced children monitoring and finding (CCMF) framework to detect holding-up behaviors and find missing children using wearable devices and surrounding smartphones based on Internet of Things (IoT) technologies. In the monitoring mode, the CCMF framework can prevent young children from taking away by strangers/people with bad intentions. In the finding mode, the CCMF framework can cooperatively find missing children equipped with wearable devices consisting of mobile iBeacon and 3-axis accelerometer modules through crowdsourced sensing networks formed by smartphone users with outdoor GPS and indoor IoT localization. According to our review of relevant research, CCMF is the first children monitoring and finding solution that can detect holding-up postures of a target child and provide the guiding path to a lost child through crowdsourced sensing networks. An iOS-based prototype with Arduino wearable devices and mobile/static iBeacon nodes is implemented to verify the feasibility and superiority of our framework. Experimental results show that CCMF outperforms existing methods and can significantly increase recognition success rates and efficiently reduce false alarm rates of holding up detection.\par
\par
\f1 Child maltreatment surveillance: Uniform definitions for public health and recommended data elements\par
Rebecca T Leeb\par
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, 2008\par
\f0 The purpose of the child maltreatment uniform definitions and recommended data elements is to present a definition of child maltreatment, its associated terms, and recommended data elements for voluntary use by individuals and organizations in the public health community. The definitions and data elements are intended to promote and improve consistency of child maltreatment surveillance for public health practices. It is designed to be used by state and local health department staff to assist in and provide a framework for the collection of public health surveillance data on child maltreatment. The definitions included in the document draw upon definitions that are currently in use in the literature and were adapted in collaboration with a panel of experts on child maltreatment and public health surveillance. The definitions and data elements are designed be flexible tools for developing an ongoing surveillance system. Agencies that use the document can modify data elements to fit their system. This document is the third in a series of Uniform Definitions and Recommended Data Elements which includes: Intimate Partner Violence Surveillance: Uniform Definitions and Recommended Data Elements and Sexual Violence Surveillance: Uniform Definitions and Recommended Data Elements.\par
\par
\f1 Parental monitoring: A reinterpretation\par
H\'e4kan Stattin, Margaret Kerr\par
Child development 71 (4), 1072-1085, 2000\par
\f0 Monitoring (tracking and surveillance) of children's behavior is considered an essential parenting skill. Numerous studies show that well\f2\u8208?\f0 monitored youths are less involved in delinquency and other normbreaking behaviors, and scholars conclude that parents should track their children more carefully. This study questions that conclusion. We point out that monitoring measures typically assess parents' knowledge but not its source, and parents could get knowledge from their children's free disclosure of information as well as their own active surveillance efforts. In our study of 703 14\f2\u8208?\f0 year\f2\u8208?\f0 olds in central Sweden and their parents, parental knowledge came mainly from child disclosure, and child disclosure was the source of knowledge that was most closely linked to broad and narrow measures of delinquency (normbreaking and police contact). These results held for both children's and parents' reports, for both sexes, and were independent of whether the children were exhibiting problem behavior or not. We conclude that tracking and surveillance is not the best prescription for parental behavior and that a new prescription must rest on an understanding of the factors that determine child disclosure.\par
\par
\f1 Design and implementation of a children safety system based on IoT technologies\par
Leonardo D'Errico, Fabio Franchi, Fabio Graziosi, Claudia Rinaldi, Francesco Tarquini\par
2017 2nd International Multidisciplinary Conference on Computer and Energy Science (SpliTech), 1-6, 2017\par
\f0 In this paper a system for increasing children's safety is proposed. The focus is on the daily route from home to school and vice versa, assuming the use of school buses. IoT paradigm is exploited together with different localization techniques i.e. RFID and GPS, in order to design a solution for parents willing to make certain of their child's following the main steps to school or home, i.e. taking the school bus and entering school or leaving school and entering the school bus. In this paper the applicability of RFID technology efficient tracking capabilities is tested in children's tracking and monitoring during their trip to and from school by school buses. The proposed solution is discussed in terms of technologies and architecture and the first prototype is presented. Finally a test phase is planned to verify the correct operation of the system.\par
\par
\f1 The Munro review of child protection: Final report, a child-centred system\par
Eileen Munro\par
The Stationery Office, 2011\par
\f0 In Part One of the Munro Review (published 3rd February 2011, ISBN 9780108510137), Professor Munro set out the approach and features of the child protection system that needed exploring in detail. This second part and final report sets out recommendations to reform the child protection system, specifically from being over-bureaucratised and concerned with compliance to one that keeps a focus on children. Some of the recommendations include: that the Government should remove the specific statutory requirement on local authorities for completing assessments within often artificial set timescales; that local services which work with children and families should be freed from unhelpful government targets; that there should be an introduction of a duty on all local services to coordinate an early offer of help to families who do not meet the criteria for social care services, to address problems before they escalate to child protection issues; that Ofsted inspections of children's services should add more weight to feedback from children and families; that experienced social workers should be kept on the frontline even when they become managers so that their experience and skills are not lost and that each local authority should designate a Principal Child and Family Social Worker to report the views and experiences of the front line to all levels of management. Professor Munro also states that individual recommendations should not be taken forward in isolation but that change needs to happen across the system.\par
\par
\f1 Parenting practices, child adjustment, and family diversity\par
Paul R Amato, Frieda Fowler\par
Journal of marriage and family 64 (3), 703-716, 2002\f0\par
The authors used data from Waves 1 and 2 of the National Survey of Families and Households (NSFH) to test the generality of the links between parenting practices and child outcomes for children in two age groups: 5\f2\endash\f0 11 and 12\f2\endash\f0 18. Parents' reports of support, monitoring, and harsh punishment were associated in the expected direction with parents' reports of children's adjustment, school grades, and behavior problems in Wave 1 and with children's reports of self\f2\u8208?\f0 esteem, grades, and deviance in Wave 2. With a few exceptions, parenting practices did not interact with parents' race, ethnicity, family structure, education, income, or gender in predicting child outcomes. A core of common parenting practices appears to be linked with positive outcomes for children across diverse family contexts.\par
\par
\f1 Governing the family: Child care, child protection and the state\par
Nigel Parton\par
Bloomsbury Publishing, 1991\f0\par
Drawing on original research this book provides a challenging and instructive analysis of the nature of the heated and often contradicting arguments of recent years about how to reform the child care system, and the emergence of a central concern with child protection. It provides a unique insight into the political influences on the 1989 Children Act and the issues it attempted to address, the bargains that were struck in the process of it becoming law and the new balances it introduced between the role of the state, the responsibilities of parents and the rights of children.\par
\par
\f1 Smart child safety wearable device\par
Bannuru Ranjeeth, B Srinivasa Reddy, Y Manoj Kumar Reddy, S Suchitra, B Pavithra\par
2020 International Conference on Electronics and Sustainable Communication Systems (ICESC), 116-120, 2020\f0\par
Child security is the foremost common issue emerging around the world. There are numerous issues to youngster security and this work primarily manages kid security from the dangers like missing, abducts. The Technical point of this task is to have an ordinary correspondence between the kid and parent through the gadget which helps in finding the area, pulse and temperature of the kid utilizing the gadget empowered with the pulse sensor, temperature sensor and GPS tracker. This gadget empowers association between the youngster and parent through the WIFI module cooperation utilizing IoT. The parent can get to the kid data intermittently by interfacing through this gadget. This makes guardians defend youngsters even in their nonattendance. The data is stored into a cloud permanently to keep the track record of old data of the children for further reference. The sensors are activated automatically when they are subjective to the miscellaneous activities.\par
\par
\f1 An integrated child safety using geo-fencing information on mobile devices\par
Sarifah Putri Raflesia, Dinda Lestarini\par
\f3\lquote\f1 I want to know where my child is at all times\f3\rquote\endash\f1 field study of a location-aware safety service for schoolchildren\par
Mari Ervasti, Juhani Laitakari, Mika Hillukkala\par
Behaviour & Information Technology 35 (10), 833-852, 2016\par
\f0 This paper reports the findings of a long-term field study of the location-aware safety service for schoolchildren comprising a unique set-up of four service components from different service providers. End-users were closely involved as active and equally valued contributors in the participatory co-design study. The objective was to create a solution that would be suitable for common use by all end-user groups. As a result, a wearable safety gadget service was developed to answer the need to secure the independent mobility of primary schoolchildren via continuous and real-time monitoring of children\f2\rquote\f0 s movements when out of the home. User experiences were investigated through a variety of complementary data collection methods. Children were the most pleased user group, even though the service seemed to serve primarily their parents and teachers, the most distinctive value arising from the feeling of reassurance. Study findings direct future development efforts towards a personal alerting system that would become more integrated into everyday life. Our research provides valuable insights regarding the monitoring of a child on a situational basis, helping to derive design implications for developing a children\f2\rquote\f0 s safety solution that truly aligns with the values, needs, and practices of all stakeholders.\par
\par
\f1 IoT-based smart transformer monitoring system with Raspberry Pi\par
Vijay Ravindran, Ramprakash Ponraj, C Krishnakumar, Satheesh Ragunathan, V Ramkumar, K Swaminathan\par
2021 Innovations in Power and Advanced Computing Technologies (i-PACT), 1-7, 2021\par
\f0 Transformers are used in the electrical distribution and transmission industries to reduce the voltage at the primary level. This allows customers to use a lower voltage. In the electrical industry, distribution transformers are more expensive, and as such, this paper describes a system that monitors the various characteristics of distribution transformers. A central unit, RTU, and remote terminal unit (RTU) are two units of equipment that are quite distinct. This work describes an embedded system for monitoring and recording critical distribution transformer's operation characteristics such as load current, voltage imbalance, transformer oil level rise or fall, and temperature level. A standalone single-chip microprocessor and sensor packages are integrated into the proposed monitoring system. It is situated near the distribution transformer and records the above-mentioned parameters. The parameter values obtained are processed and saved in the system memory. This method will assist utilities in making the best use of transformers and detecting problems before they become disastrous. The above values are updated on the web page so that they can be monitored from any place. An alternate distribution transformer is used as an additional power source when the present distribution transformer fails. This system also sends a warning message to the person in charge when an abnormality occurs in the transformer. The switching process is controlled by using Internet of Things (IoT) technology. This system helps to increase the health of the transformer.\par
\par
\f1 Design and implementation of a children safety system based on IoT technologies\par
Leonardo D'Errico, Fabio Franchi, Fabio Graziosi, Claudia Rinaldi, Francesco Tarquini\par
2017 2nd International Multidisciplinary Conference on Computer and Energy Science (SpliTech), 1-6, 2017\par
\f0 In this paper a system for increasing children's safety is proposed. The focus is on the daily route from home to school and vice versa, assuming the use of school buses. IoT paradigm is exploited together with different localization techniques i.e. RFID and GPS, in order to design a solution for parents willing to make certain of their child's following the main steps to school or home, i.e. taking the school bus and entering school or leaving school and entering the school bus. In this paper the applicability of RFID technology efficient tracking capabilities is tested in children's tracking and monitoring during their trip to and from school by school buses. The proposed solution is discussed in terms of technologies and architecture and the first prototype is presented. Finally a test phase is planned to verify the correct operation of the system.\par
\par
\f1 IOT Based School Bus Monitoring System With Child Security\par
Sandeep Seetaram Naik, TG Harshitha, HD Spoorthy, BS Vedashree, GS Taj, P Vetrivelan\par
International Conference on Computer Networks and Inventive Communication Technologies, 668-678, 2019\par
\f0 In recent days, parents are discomfit about their school going children as kidnapping cases of students has been increasing from day-to-day. It is very important for every school to have an incorruptible and reliable transport service to make sure that the students are safeguarded. Nowadays students wait for a longer time for their school bus arrival standing near roads which is unsafe for them. Even though there are some of the technologies to ensure the safety of students, they were not able to provide abundant information to parents. Without their notice, they might exit at wrong stops. To reduce parent\f2\rquote\f0 s uneasiness about their school going children, this project presents the evolution of a school bus monitoring.\par
\par
\f1 Design and implementation of a children safety system based on IoT technologies\par
Leonardo D'Errico, Fabio Franchi, Fabio Graziosi, Claudia Rinaldi, Francesco Tarquini\par
2017 2nd International Multidisciplinary Conference on Computer and Energy Science (SpliTech), 1-6, 2017\par
\f0 In this paper a system for increasing children's safety is proposed. The focus is on the daily route from home to school and vice versa, assuming the use of school buses. IoT paradigm is exploited together with different localization techniques i.e. RFID and GPS, in order to design a solution for parents willing to make certain of their child's following the main steps to school or home, i.e. taking the school bus and entering school or leaving school and entering the school bus. In this paper the applicability of RFID technology efficient tracking capabilities is tested in children's tracking and monitoring during their trip to and from school by school buses. The proposed solution is discussed in terms of technologies and architecture and the first prototype is presented. Finally a test phase is planned to verify the correct operation of the system.\par
}
 